What a big breath you are
Little Alliance Leader doesn't need to be angry
Since this blind guy is hell-bent on death
We are done
Nice guy.
Living wastes air
Dead and smelly
It's worse than trash
Don't show off upstairs
With your strength, you are no match for them at all
Listen to my fiancee speak for me
If I just walk away
Isn't it a betrayal of my fiancee's infatuation?
Little Door Master Baihe Gate next week
Li Tiannan next week Qianli Group
Tie Fist Jiang Qianxi will go down a thousand miles in Chibi next week
Life is killing the bald tiger
good war
If you kneel down at this moment and apologize to the old man
I hope you can let you go
Not only not
He Luozhan is kind to us after all
Spare him this time
I, Luo Zhan, stand here
Can you try it if you don't agree?
You have a big breath
You pick any weapon
So as not to be my three bullies
Hey, what weapon does a blind man use?
I see he just wants me to give him a hand
Boy, I can even give you two hands
Such a cripple, I'll come first
Even if I go under fire and blindfolded
Can also kill him easily
You misunderstood. I mean
It saves time to serve together
Go away, you dare to despise us
You can despise everyone
Despise the ants on the ground
How can there be a god above the nine heavens to destroy the ants on the earth?
The principle of extinction
Not enough